#summary Stuff about how to run a contest

= Introduction =

Add your content here.  Or not.

= Announcing it =

  # create a category for it "ld14" or whatever - for mini compos, create a sub category of the mini category
  # e-mail the gamecompo.com mailing list of course!
  # make a blog post announcing the upcoming contest (as user=news)
  # For a big compo, copy the previous compo's wiki to a new folder and update some links so that each compo gets its own wiki.  More specific instructions to be added.

= The Countdown = 

  # Modify https://ludumdare.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/compo/themes/ludum/countdown.php
  # SSH to the site
  # $ cd (something)/compo/wp-content/themes/ludum 
  # $ svn update

= Theme Voting =

  # Create a new wordpress "page" per day of theme voting
  # Fill that page with the theme voting tag as follows.  To start voting:

{{{
[compo-vote:open:theme1;theme 2;theme 3]
}}}

  * To show the results of voting:

{{{
[compo-vote:closed:theme1;theme 2;theme 3]
}}}

= Starting a Compo =

 # Create a new wordpress page for the compo
 # Put in a tag .  This is a basic tag for a Official Compo that includes a Game Jam

{{{
[compo2 state="active" jcat="ld234" cats="Innovation;Fun;Overall" rules="http://www.ludumdare.com/compo/rules/" gamejam="1"]
}}}

For a Mini-LD, including a Game Jam is probably silly.  (Though in many cases, the Mini LD is ONLY a Game Jam, either way, don't include the Game Jam.  To run a Mini as just a Game Jam, just don't have a "rate" and "results" phase, just jump right to "closed" at the end.)

{{{
[compo2 state="active" jcat="ld234" cats="Innovation;Fun;Overall" rules="link-to-main-blog-post"]
}}}

Here are all the compo2 tag attributes.

 # *state* is "active" at start
 # *jcat* is optional, but can refer to the wp-category slug that is being used by contestants to journal in.
 # *cats* should be a semi-colon delimited list of voting categories "Fun;Innovation;Production;Theme" 
 # *locked* should be 0 or 1.  If set to 1, it will stop users from adding new entries.  Existing users can still edit their existing entries.
 # *rules* should be a URL to a page with rules if this is a contest where being judged vs just jamming is an option.
 # *gamejam* should be set to 1 if this competition includes a Game Jam.

= Rating Entries =
 # Change the STATE to "rate"

= Viewing Results =
 # Change the STATE to "results"

= Closed Compos =
 # Change the STATE to "closed"
This is only used for compos that are not being judged.  It merely closes the compo from adding new entries.

= Admin =
 # Click on the "Enter admin mode" link.  It will let you modify and disable entries.