#summary Stuff about how to run a contest

= Introduction =

Contest code has been overhauled.  Contest now broken down into separate divisions such as "compo;open;gamejam".  Contestants in separate divisions can get voting results in the SAME categories.  So if you want a separate overall category for the Compo and the Open division, you should name the cats like "OverallCompo" and "OverallOpen" or whatever.

= Announcing it =

  # create a category for it "ld14" or whatever - for mini compos, create a sub category of the mini category
  # e-mail the gamecompo.com mailing list of course!
  # make a blog post announcing the upcoming contest (as user=news)
  # For a big compo, copy the previous compo's wiki to a new folder and update some links so that each compo gets its own wiki.  More specific instructions to be added.

= The Countdown = 

  # Modify https://ludumdare.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/compo/themes/ludum/countdown.php
  # SSH to the site
  # $ cd (something)/compo/wp-content/themes/ludum 
  # $ svn update

= Theme Voting =

  # Create a new wordpress "page" per day of theme voting
  # Fill that page with the theme voting tag as follows.  To start voting:

{{{
[compo-vote:open:theme1;theme 2;theme 3]
}}}

  * To show the results of voting:

{{{
[compo-vote:closed:theme1;theme 2;theme 3]
}}}

= Starting a Compo =

 # Create a new wordpress page for the compo
 # Put in a tag .  This is a basic tag for a Official Compo that includes a Game Jam

{{{
[compo2 state="active" jcat="ld18" init="1"  calc_droplow="2" calc_drophigh="2" calc_reqvote="3" divs="compo;open;gamejam" opendivs="compo;open;gamejam" compo_cats="Innovation;Fun;Overall" compo_title="Competition" compo_summary="The Basic <a href='#'>rules</a> apply"  open_cats="Overall" open_title="Open" open_summary="The open rules apply" gamejam_summary="No rules, do whatever" gamejam_title="Game Jam" topcat="Overall"]
}}}

For a Mini-LD, including a Game Jam is probably silly.  (Though in many cases, the Mini LD is ONLY a Game Jam, either way, don't include the Game Jam.  To run a Mini as just a Game Jam, just don't have a "rate" and "results" phase, just jump right to "closed" at the end.)

{{{
[compo2 state="active" jcat="ld18mini" init="1"  divs="compo" opendivs="compo" compo_cats="Innovation;Fun;Overall" compo_title="Competition" compo_summary="The Basic <a href='#'>rules</a> apply"  topcat="Overall"]
}}}

Here are all the compo2 tag attributes.

 # *state* - is "active" at start.  Further definition below.
 # *jcat* - is optional, but can refer to the wp-category slug that is being used by contestants to journal in.
 # *divs* - a semi-colon delimited list of the divisions in this contest "compo;open;gamejam" 
 # *opendivs* - a semi-colon delimited list of divisions that can be joined at this time "compo;open;gamejam" when the compo goes into rate mode, probably change this to "open;gamejam" 
 # *$DIV_cats* - should be a semi-colon delimited list of voting categories "Fun;Innovation;Production;Theme" 
 # *$DIV_title* - title of the division "Competition" "Open" "Game Jam"
 # *$DIV_summary* - Summary / Rules: "The basic rules must be followed, etc, etc blah blah" May include HTML that uses single quotes, so you can link to more detailed information.
 # *locked* - should be 0 or 1.  If set to 1, it will stop users from adding new entries.  Existing users can still edit their existing entries.  This setting restricts users from changing their division as well.
 # *pubvote* - should be set to 1 if the public (non-entrants) can vote
 # *calc_droplow* - number of low votes to be dropped per entry 
 # *calc_drophigh* - number of high votes to be dropped per entry
 # *calc_reqvote* - number of remaining votes required to calculate an average
 # *topcat* - The voting category that will show the top entries, usually Overall.

NOTE: if you change calc_droplow, calc_drophigh, calc_reqvote you must access ?admin=1&action=recalc to recalculate the results of the competition to reflect those changes.

= Rating Entries =
 # Change the STATE to "rate"

= Viewing Results =
 # Change the STATE to "results"

= Closed Compos =
 # Change the STATE to "closed"
This is only used for compos that are not being judged.  It merely closes the compo from adding new entries.

= Admin =
 # Click on the "Enter admin mode" link.  It will let you modify and disable entries.
 # action=results - see compo results
 # action=top - see compo top results